README.md, before:

# Denarius

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/denarius-exchange/denarius.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/denarius-exchange/denarius)

Open-source financial exchange software.

## Status

- A matching engine that implements market and limit orders.
- An TCP/JSON backend server for receiving oders

## ToDo (Immediately)

- Asset properties handling
- Customer/Broker Desks account handling

## Dependencies

- Aleph/Lamina/Gloss
- JSON (data.json)
- Log (tools.logging)

## Usage

Currently there are no binaries to this software.

To try out Denarius, start the matching engine component with:
```Bash
lein run
```

Optionally, start one (or more) connector component with
```Bash
lein run -c connector
```

Then send orders to the connector with the utility client ([See Wiki](https://github.com/denarius-exchange/denarius/wiki/Taste-it:-Interactive-order-entry-command-line))

```Bash
lein run -m util.client/-main
```

In this scenario, the utility client plays the role of trading desk ([See Architecture](https://github.com/denarius-exchange/denarius/wiki/Architecture)).
You can send orders directly to the engine, since the protocol is the same.

If you want to make your own client API, you can follow the code in the
utility client.

The server now informs about (partial) order execution, on every execution
it makes, with the communications channel registered upon order entry. 


## Contact

Mailing list (important announcements): denarius@librelist.com

General announcements: http://machinomics.blogspot.com

## License

Copyright © 2013 Javier Arriero-Pais

Distributed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Corrected the readme. The utility client connected to the engine's port by default, not to the connector's.
Further help provided.

README.md, after:

# Denarius

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/denarius-exchange/denarius.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/denarius-exchange/denarius)

Open-source financial exchange software.

## Status

- A matching engine that implements market and limit orders.
- An TCP/JSON backend server for receiving oders

## Dependencies

- Aleph/Lamina/Gloss
- JSON (data.json)
- Log (tools.logging)

## Usage

Currently there are no binaries to this software.

To try out Denarius, start the matching engine component with:
```Bash
lein run
```

Optionally, start one (or more) connector component with
```Bash
lein run -c connector
```

Then send orders directly to the engine with the utility client ([See Wiki](https://github.com/denarius-exchange/denarius/wiki/Taste-it:-Interactive-order-entry-command-line))

```Bash
lein run -m util.client/-main
```

In this scenario, the utility client plays the role of trading desk and connector ([See Architecture](https://github.com/denarius-exchange/denarius/wiki/Architecture)), sending orders directly to the engine.
You can send orders to the connector by specifying the connector port (default 7892) since the protocol is the same that the engine's. If the connector is on localhost we can omit the host parameter:

```Bash
lein -m util.client -p 7892
```

The default component to be started with ```lein run``` is the engine, so that it is equivalent to ```lein run -c engine```.
For these and more options, see the help menu of each component by specifying the --help option:

```Bash
lein run --help
lein run -c connector --help
lein run -m util.client --help
```

If you want to make your own client API, you can follow the code in the
utility client.

The server now informs about (partial) order execution, on every execution
it makes, with the communications channel registered upon order entry. 

## ToDo (Immediately)

- Asset properties handling
- Customer/Broker Desks account handling

## Contact

Mailing list (important announcements): denarius@librelist.com

General announcements: http://machinomics.blogspot.com

## License

Copyright © 2013 Javier Arriero-Pais

Distributed under the MIT License.
